docs: Add section about adblockers in JS documentation (#1151)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/index.md

{%- endcapture -%}
{%- include components/alert.html
  title="Dealing with Ad-Blockers"
  content=__alert_content
  level="warning"
%}

The best way to deal with script-blocking extensions is to use the SDK package directly through the `npm` and bundle it with your application.
This way, you can be sure, that the code will be always there as you expect it to be.

The second way is to download the SDK from our CDN and host it yourself, this way SDK will still be separated from the rest of your code, but you'll be certain that it won't be blocked, as it's origin will be the same as the origin of your website.

You can easily fetch it using `curl` or any other similar tool:

```sh
$ curl https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{% sdk_version sentry.javascript.browser %}/bundle.min.js -o sentry.browser.{% sdk_version sentry.javascript.browser %}.min.js -s
```

The last option, is to use `Proxy` guard, that will make sure that your code won't break, even when you will call our SDK which was blocked.

> `Proxy` is supported by all browser except Internet Explorer, however there are no extensions in these browsers anyway. Also if `Proxy` is not in any of your user's browser, it will be silently skipped, so you don't have to worry about it breaking anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Proxy` is supported by all browsers except Internet Explorer. However, there are no extensions in these browsers anyway. Also, if `Proxy` is not in any of your users' browsers, it will be silently skipped, so you don't have to worry about it breaking anything.
```

The snippet should be placed just **above** the `<script>` tag containing our CDN bundle.

The snippet in a readable format presents like this:

```js
if ("Proxy" in window) {
  var handler = {
    get: function(_, key) {
      return new Proxy(function(cb) {
        if (key === "flush" || key === "close") return Promise.resolve();
        if (typeof cb === "function") return cb(window.Sentry);
        return window.Sentry;
      }, handler);
    }
  };
  window.Sentry = new Proxy({}, handler);
}
```

> And here is more useful, minified snippet, that you can copy-paste directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And here is a more useful, minified snippet, that you can copy-paste directly:
```
